so this video is going to talk a little
bit about my life outside of YouTube and
some of the research I've been doing I'm
gonna provide a link below this video to
a specific essay I just finished a few
days ago an essay that deals with the
political history of the area
overlapping between Russia Japan and
China many people aren't even aware that
Russia and Japan have a direct border
but they do and for some periods of
history they had a land border rather
than just an oceanic border and that
border has shifted back and forth in all
three directions I think even still
today all three countries would dispute
where the border should be between China
and Russia between Russia and Japan the
article itself if you just want to
glance at it it does have quite a few
illustrations I took the time to add as
many pictures as I could and taking a
glance at just the first few
illustrations on the map of where I'm
talking about is fine I mean this is
home just say don't feel bad about just
having a glance at it rather than
reading it I would say if you don't want
to read the whole thing you might want
to skip to section 5 section 5 is where
it starts really talking about the
atrocities the crimes against humanity
mass murder mass rape and so on so on
this channel
many many times I've alluded to the fact
that I study political extremism and
this is maybe the first time when I've
given you guys a direct finger pointing
to an example of something I've written
about political extremism and it's
something I've just written now rather
than saying I wrote a few years ago in
Cambodia or or what-have-you and
actually I'd add - although Cambodia is
mentioned I managed them to mention
Cambodia and almost everything I do but
you know all the information in this
particular essay this is all stuff I
learned within the last two years two
years ago I knew much less about Russia
that I know today much less about Japan
and you know I knew quite a lot about
China but I know even more about Chinese
politics now so one thing that may be
interesting for my kind of regular
viewers my vegan viewers there are a few
different ways in which this this essay
actually connects to what I say in do
about veganism in animal rights for one
thing one of the reasons why I'm against
political extremism is because I have
this kind of depth of historical
knowledge about real political extremism
in practice and you know this shows even
in my resistance to sort of cynical and
insincere poses of people pretending to
be extremists when they're really not
I mean a lot of a lot of what goes on in
animal rights of people pretending to be
an artist sore putting on masks or
pretending to be extremists I think a
lot of the people involved know that
they're not going to do anything any
more dangerous than dressing up like a
cow and marching up and down the Main
Street in front of the Parliament
building and that the city they they
live in so you know sometimes there's a
sense of silliness mixed in with the
sort of phony radicalism but even on my
blog before I had this YouTube channel
and still now on this YouTube channel I
really oppose that I really say no let's
be rigorous and responsible let's say
what we mean and mean what we say and
let's think about the implications of
what it is we're struggling for and how
we're struggling for it in a democratic
society so that aside say a few words
about what makes this particular essay
interesting even for someone who has no
particular research interest in this
part of Asia or this period of of Asian
history so these events transpired in
the year 1920 in many ways in 1920
communism was still a new idea the
Russian Revolution begins in 1917 or
1917 is the most famous year as opposed
some ways it began
years earlier in 1920 someone who was
watching the events within Russia very
carefully would have already had a sense
of just how strongly communism really
was connected to mass murder to violence
on an unbelievable scale to persecution
door to door including ethnic
persecution including genocide war
crimes crimes that resemble genocide so
closely there's no point in in you know
digressing to redefine the term however
the vast majority of the world was still
basically optimistic about communism and
when you're talking about Asia there
were problems of translation in the most
literal sense it was not easy for people
in Japan to understand what was
happening in Europe during World War one
why would it be easy and as a huge
challenge and Japan really was involved
with World War one in a big way
including the peace conferences at the
end of World War one so for people in
Japan to understand Russian politics or
for Russians to understand Japanese
politics this is already difficult so
this particular massacre in 1920 in some
way is for the Japanese especially but
maybe for all of East Asia for Japan
Korea and China this was one of the
first big wake-up calls when they
realized communism is not just about
human equality communism is not just
about organizing labor unions communism
the stuff they're saying about class
warfare it really does involve mass
murder now the case study is fascinating
in many ways this is about one
particular town where particular mass
murder happened the bolsheviks says the
the russian communist side the
Bolsheviks
before they came to the town before they
conquered it on their march there they
were instructed and they discussed among
themselves the fact that what they were
going to do involve murdering children
involved murdering murdering children
and infants
this is part of the job now the fact
that they knew that and talked about in
advance make sense both in terms of
organization and the sort of
Machiavellian and psychological aspect
you wouldn't want to you know as the
commander of that unit have them be very
much surprised or have rebellion or
dissent among the troops if you only
reveal that at the last minute or when
it was too late
so in some ways it's natural and obvious
that they were in effect training their
soldiers that they were not just going
into combat against other soldiers that
they were going to be exterminating
civilian men women and children but
detail like that is so important because
it again shows these were premeditated
acts of mass murder class warfare really
did mean killing members of rival
classes killing members of rival
political parties and that's exactly
what we see unfold in you know
tremendous detail in this case in this
case after the town was destroyed after
so many people were killed the survivors
were able to escape to Japan because
this happened as I mentioned right on
the outermost edge where Russia meets
Japan and that's a tragic contrast to so
many other incidents of mass murder of
massacre that could never be examined
this way and are never talking about it
for history in this way just because the
witnesses disappeared with it or there
wasn't a sort of international spotlight
Shawn on it you know the you know to
give the inevitable example of Cambodia
Cambodia the main reason why we know so
much about mass murder in Cambodia is
what happened after is that after
Cambodia was conquered by Vietnam and
then you had a rival political
institution you had a Vietnamese
government who were trying to justify
their own political situation by showing
the world how terrible the events in
Cambodia work now I'm not saying what
they did was phony it wasn't at all I
think actually the vast majority of what
the Vietnamese published at that time
still holds up as
true that they were publishing you know
terrible truths about mass murder and
persecution in Cambodia but my point is
in most cases you would have this type
of persecution huge numbers of people
killed but if there isn't some sudden
change if there isn't something that
brings in for that brings foreign
observers in to the location where it
happened or that shatter is the
political status quo so that survivors
and witnesses can escape to another
country then it it won't be recorded for
history in this way another detail that
that stood up for me personally was that
when these communists were marching
towards the town they had a standard
that if you wanted to be promoted if you
wanted to be promoted to commissar you
had to kill 18 people each with your own
hands personally and do you mean hands
cuz they were killing people with swords
knives bayonets
because ammunition was scarce that it
conserve ammunition so they were killing
heejun's people and even if you just
think about that detail the idea that
men were told you know in order to be
promoting you to slaughter a lot of
people and then also there must be some
reasoning behind that number 18 you know
it's not ten ten wasn't enough at some
point they must have realized they were
killing so many people that if it's only
killing ten then that's too low so you
know somehow the number eighteen was
decided on by by their leader and that
was set down in the orders there's one
other aspect actually the essay that
really does connect to what I've said
here on on YouTube it talks about the
psychological motivations for the people
conducting these massacres and I use a
an idiom that I've used here on YouTube
and that really comes from my speaking
on YouTube or I talked about sex money
and fame
as motivating people to do these
terrible things and I said well among
the different soldiers and leaders and
actors those who weren't motivated by
one of those three might be motivated by
the other two or some combination and
indeed this essay has a whole section as
a chapter devoted to the issue of rape
including systematic use of rape in the
communist revolution in this atrocity in
this in this event which is one of those
things that even even the most honest
historians and and sort of career
academics in a lot of ways they just
don't want to think about so again in
this case we had enough survivors and
eyewitnesses immediately after it ended
including men who committed the
atrocities interesting I could get into
why that is but there were men who
participated in the atrocities and who
then at the very end led a rebellion
against the communist leadership because
they were opposed to these types of
atrocities and then those guys escaped
because they thought they'd be killed by
the Communist Party if they stayed in
Russia and they would have been um and
so we actually get perspectives from
both the victims and the perpetrators so
this is this is preserved for history
the question is of course is anyone
learning from history and that's always
the sort of sad and haunting thing that
burdens me when I study this stuff
whether it's Cambodia or Laos or in this
case you know the symbol of Russia Japan
and China I do come out of it feeling
burdened because in most of these cases
I may be the only man who speaks English
who knows anything about the topic or I
may be the only man in my generation who
knows anything about the topic or you
know in the whole world are there even
five people who know about this topic
and that burdens you in a way that's
very different from just sadness
in looking back at this history on my
desk right now this is a huge stack of
paper of handwritten notes I have more
than that just from this year a huge
amount of writing by hand and some of
that I have notes on Chinese history
that indeed involves massacres under
communism under the Mao Zedong period
and I'm going through my possessions now
most of what I own is gonna be thrown in
the garbage on some great books here
that I'm not gonna take with me to China
most of what I own is all going to be
thrown away but emotionally more than
intellectually I would feel bad throwing
some of those handwritten notes in the
garbage and again there's that tether of
if I don't keep this if I don't study
this if I don't research this further or
writing it write about it further who
will so yeah as always on this channel I
like to emphasize the fact that this is
not a purely rational exercise there's
an emotional component to it but above
and beyond all else there are questions
of principle there is an ethical
component to it